# Data-philanthropy-project Description

Experimental design is a 2 (perceived control over data: yes vs. no) x 2 (Trust in nonprofit: yes vs. no) between subjects.
The subjects were shown one of the following scenarios and asked different measures. 

(Control, Trust) Imagine a company you often deal with to buy products and services. This firm has access to all your personal information including your demographics, GPS location, financial information (e.g., credit card information), and your behaviors (e.g., detailed purchase history). The company donates their customers’ personal information, including yours, to nonprofit organizations that use this information to advance the public good. This company gives you great control in how they manage your data. Specifically, this company gives you the ability to opt out of donating your data to the nonprofit. Additionally, you recognize that the nonprofit they are donating your data to is one that you trust, and you are confident that they are able to secure your personal data.

(No control, Trust) Imagine a company you often deal with to buy products and services. This firm has access to all your personal information including your demographics, GPS location, financial information (e.g., credit card information), and your behaviors (e.g., detailed purchase history). The company donates their customers’ personal information, including yours, to nonprofit organizations that use this information to advance the public good. This company does not give you any control in how they manage your data. Specifically, this company does not give you the ability to opt out of donating your data to the nonprofit.  Additionally, you recognize that the nonprofit they are donating your data to is one that you trust, and you are confident that they are able to secure your personal data.

(Control, No trust) Imagine a company you often deal with to buy products and services. This firm has access to all your personal information including your demographics, GPS location, financial information (e.g., credit card information), and your behaviors (e.g., detailed purchase history). The company donates their customers’ personal information, including yours, to nonprofit organizations that use this information to advance the public good. This company gives you great control in how they manage your data. Specifically, this company gives you the ability to opt out of donating your data to the nonprofit. Additionally, you recognize that the nonprofit they are donating your data to is one that you do not trust, and you are not confident that they are able to secure your personal data.

(No control, No trust) Imagine a company you often deal with to buy products and services. This firm has access to all your personal information including your demographics, GPS location, financial information (e.g., credit card information), and your behaviors (e.g., detailed purchase history). The company donates their customers’ personal information, including yours, to nonprofit organizations that use this information to advance the public good. This company does not give you any control in how they manage your data. Specifically, this company does not give you the ability to opt out of donating your data to the nonprofit.  Additionally, you recognize that the nonprofit they are donating your data to is one that you do not trust, and you are not confident that they are able to secure your personal data.

